Rewrite operator precedence explainer (#19623)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/operator_precedence/index.md

```js
console.log(3 + 10 * 2); // logs 23
console.log(3 + (10 * 2)); // logs 23 because parentheses here are superfluous
console.log((3 + 10) * 2); // logs 26 because the parentheses change the order
```

Within operators of the same precedence, the language groups them by _associativity_. _Left-associativity_ (left-to-right) means that it is interpreted as `(a OP1 b) OP2 c`, while _right-associativity_ (right-to-left) means it is interpreted as `a OP1 (b OP2 c)`. Assignment operators are right-associative, so you can write:

```js
a = b = 5; // same as writing a = (b = 5);
```

with the expected result that `a` and `b` get the value 5. This is because the assignment operator returns the value that is assigned. First, `b` is set to 5. Then the `a` is also set to 5 — the return value of `b = 5`, a.k.a. right operand of the assignment.

As another example, the unique exponentiation operator has right-associativity, whereas other arithmetic operators have left-associativity.

```js
const a = 4 ** 3 ** 2; // Same as 4 ** (3 ** 2); evaluates to 262144
const b = 4 / 3 / 2; // Same as (4 / 3) / 2; evaluates to 0.6666...
```

> Associativity is a weaker order than precedence. Operators are first grouped by precedence, and then, for adjacent operators that have the same precedence, by associativity. So, mixing division and exponentiation, the exponentiation always comes before the division. For example, `2 ** 3 / 3 ** 2` results in 0.8888888888888888 because it is the same as `(2 ** 3) / (3 ** 2)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators are first grouped by precedence, and then, for adjacent operators that have the same precedence, by associativity. So, when mixing division and exponentiation, the exponentiation always comes before the division. For example, `2 ** 3 / 3 ** 2` results in 0.8888888888888888 because it is the same as `(2 ** 3) / (3 ** 2)`.
```
